but fall of again let me start by saying
if the first time you meet a woman she
doesn't know you're there you may be due
for harpoon and ass the stars of our
movie today ah somebody will know
somebody where you never saw before
somebody will care about somebody who
shows some leg blue our story begins
with some narration about the in the
beginning and let me just say this guy
yappin here ain't no Carl Sagan so long
story short the universe toot it and
there's a planet with some stuff on us
where this geologists finds a fossil and
hacks it off and set up is only a movie
geologists would and I'm not saying this
is where they got the idea for the hand
in the Terminator but I think this is
where they got the idea for the hand in
Terminator and yeah if you watch
southern frankenstein you'll see the
frankenstein falls into itself uh
springing dammit I'm not saying it
that's where they got the idea for the
in Terminator 2 but what the heavy horse
does this may have to do with
Millennials probably not a damn thing
around tired and felt like attention as
I caved you and don't ask me why there
would be a fossil sticking out of a rock
when there's a live one right in there I
can't know everything over here at
Instituto they build a here maritima no
yeah and Jeff knows a little Spanish you
adorable little quesadillas oh that's a
pretty little chica right down then
Colonel Sanders brings his diver some
KFC just playing
that's a geologist looking for his fish
expert to try and identify that and he
chopped out of that rock this was back
in the day when you had no filter and if
your body was ugly in real life and you
took selfies that just stayed ugly they
have a long discussion with some man
with some money about evolution and how
we going to manage where we take over
the universe so they all agree to go out
looking for the rest of the fossil from
which they hacked off this here creep
pan but what they don't know is my man
is still kicking and killing his self
defense
lintons and machetes flying every which
way who could blame the poor scaly
Bastardo
showing off more my espanol then they
all get all readers on the reader it's a
boat damn
row row row your reader gently down the
Amazon oh you thought Amazon was a place
where you just stream worthless
drivel like flights ace ace ace and six
in the city and now they find the bodies
while they leave the lovely chica to get
almost assaulted by the fishy fella so
the fish expert the money man some
doctor what's-his-face and Colonel
Sanders who has relieved himself of his
boat I go to dig up the rest of the
fossil and can't find it so back to
rolling on the river like Ike and Tina
looking for the fossil they think got
washed away and now for some scuba
diving in primitive gear and booty shots
oh lordy I just hope they wearing some
waterproof drawers because I've done
hurt all about that penis fish in the
Amazon that likes to work his way up the
weenie Oh boom [ __ ] is me Gill man
guess what I'm not really dead take a
lesson here creature this how you get a
woman
you pick up some seaweed and you be like
ain't no River wide enough to keep me
from getting to you babe look how
impressed she is she's feeling so
amorous so high on her seaweed that she
decided to go Greg Louganis fronting
then Esther Williams fronting where the
creature is lurking eyes wide gills
erect trying to snatch him honey because
come to think of it I bet that Omni
hacked up came off his Gill wall man he
don't want to be lonely no more more
Esther Williams who the hell does this
in the middle of the day of Amazon now
creature dead a sexy
do you see ugly unwanted humans that
resemble men run around creeping on
women to think they nasty okay well
doubt those allegations against James
Franco and Matt Lauer and most of the
male's resembling humans in Washington
DC okay well yeah maybe sometimes that
is true but what I'm trying to say is
back up slimy seaweed creeper
and then this guy Lucas is like Chico
pull up the anchor
Chico damn I'm gonna be bilingual before
this movie's over so they get the
bathing booty out of the water and
creature literally rocks the boat don't
rock the boat baby so I guess he was
caught in it because I don't think some
little innocent Amazon fishes could make
a hole that size and I'm sorry but y'all
are seriously dumb because you don't go
pursuing a creature that can fight his
way out of a net that size and then
leaves behind a claw that can open your
arm both cans of spam but they gotta go
with my man again trying to get pictures
of him that's a hell of a camera the
other ones just trying to take his body
back dead or alive and then if I
Paul bit and then they come up and argue
and try to develop some pictures and
he's shocked to see this is he couldn't
get an immediate view of it on his
iPhone the slime investor doesn't swim
away he left him with nothing but a shot
of some sad seaweed and then Gill man
gets on the Rita and makes chica go
adios adios
so we do what we do to all things we
don't understand we try to attempt it so
we can control it and study it to figure
out how we can make it conform but not
this local he just wanted to body he's
like I'm a cure that old bastard but
then they just sit around with their
thumbs up their readers until creature
comes to do what creature does and then
they go looking for him again and while
he's dumped in daisy dukes scope out the
underwater cavern creatures staggers his
Dazed and Confused
back to the only thing he really wants
and I know one bites the dust but they
got those green glutes now I assume that
green I know this movie black and white
but all the drones had him green so I
can only imagine that includes his I
don't know I've ever seen a full color
picture of creatures I need to get on
that oh he's awake and I don't know who
taught that little bamboo cage was gonna
keep that Jolly Green Giant contained
but spoiler alert
it don't then doctor what's-his-face
wave a lantern and creatures face and
creature act exactly like me when
somebody tried to make me watch the new
Lion King
then he go down in flames just like
Jesse James and now the doctor what's
his face face off though no damn I mean
oh damn and there's a fight and then he
says Lucas stand by the winch and maybe
I've read too much Shakespeare because I
swear to sweet the first time I saw this
movie I thought he was referring to I
move hair then back into the water and
big dummy gotta show up again and
there's a long chase and a long fight
skip well I'll teach you then there's
another long sigh skip and then they're
able to pull down - damn damn Oh y'all
never notice creature had about one
two-minute lip injections but he gets
the girl and they live happily ever
after the end
okay now they don't because I bay shows
up and so the other two survived and
they shoot him until he is dead dead
dead
oh so we assumed until we realize there
are sequels elfine be sure to LIKE share
and subscribe for your regular fix of
meth though I know lately I've been a
little
regular so I'm at a some Metamucil or
something thank you to these special
bits for holding this channel down and
making sure y'all almost always get
three videos a month
Mario dis a whiskey Gabriela see
Michelle WP g FJ raspberries David see
Kelly s car OS Brian P David M Dan wo
Anna m JK donna g melon am brandon CT
adrian PTO and justin be almost all of
my videos get claimed by the studios and
if not for these folks there would be no
myth you know does not oh thank you all
take care of mucho for movies explain
for I'm jab o die final line oh I wrote
it so I know that I need to write a
final line whoops